hey guys Katie here and today I have a
pile of books to haul over the past
couple of months I've been buying quite
a few books actually a couple of these I
just can't remember if I mentioned them
yet or not so forgive me if I'm
repeating something but these are the
books that I've bought in the past
couple of months I think this will be
like a februari March and April haul the
first book is a room with a view by Ian
Forrester last year I read and loved
Howards End and it just really was
amazing it's such a fantastic book I'd
like to continue reading the enforcers
work and this is the first one that I
picked to read after i read LOL larson
last month or the month before that i
decided i kind of wanted to explore more
riders from the Harlem Renaissance and
what I picked was james weldon johnson's
the autobiography of an ex colored man
this kind of covers some of the same
topics that no Larson talks about like
passing so I'm pretty interested to
check this out like most people I enjoy
breakfast at tiffany's the movie with
Audrey Hepburn and I kind of thought it
was about time for me to read the book
by Truman Capote so I'm really glad that
this is the addition at my bookstore had
because I am often too lazy to wait for
books to come in the mail although I'm
starting to see the benefits of that but
this is the one that I wanted and this
is the one that I got and I started
reading and it definitely has that thing
kind of vibe that the movie has I know
that I talked about this one it's some
plays by Oscar Wilde the importance of
being earnest is the most important one
I think I talked about this in a TBR I
love the importance of being earnest I
think it's really funny and
you know Oscar Wilde so I haven't read
much of his work besides that so I think
it'll be great to read more of his work
and I'm kind of interested in reading
more plays and because it's actually
fantastic I talked about this one in my
TBR for this month it is held by Nicola
Griffith and I know a lot of people are
interested in this one and I've heard
from some people that they really liked
it so I'm excited but a little bit
daunted by the size of it I mean it
doesn't look like much here but it's
actually like 500 pages I've heard so
much about works and crake by Margaret
Atwood my friend Lisa she talks about
Margaret Atwood a lot she read I don't
know what she read but Margaret I would
but whatever was she loved it and so I
have this book and I have the handmaid's
tale I actually started reading this a
while ago when I was kind of in a slump
and I was enjoying it so I'm looking
forward to reading more and also i
absolutely love this cover it's pretty
great something that i am really
interested in his history and more than
that kind of mm maybe prehistoric like
ancient history so I picked up Charles
II man's book 1491 this talks about the
Americas before Columbus and I think
it's going to be really interesting I've
watched quite a few documentaries on the
topic of the history of humans history
of Neanderthals and the whole like
migration of humans Out of Africa into
you know Europe Asia you know and into
America and I just think it's really
interesting and I really want to learn
more about it so this is definitely the
kind of nonfiction that I'm into and I'm
really excited to take it to this book
we'll see what happens I've been eyeing
this book for a long time because the
cover is so cool it's tales of the city
by Armistead Maupin and this takes place
in san francisco which is where i
actually used to live and I kind of grew
up there I think it's going to be
awesome
that my dad really enjoyed the TV show
based on this book and i'm not sure if
you read the book but i wouldn't be
surprised i've been eyeing this at the
bookstore quite a bit and one day I just
said I'm going to buy it because i know
i'll read it and i like it it's pretty
so i definitely want it on my bookshelf
I heard that Kate Mulgrew who plays
Captain Janeway on Star Trek Voyager
wrote a memoir and I had to have it so I
have it it's called born with Keith and
the blurbs on the back say it is freakin
incredible and I am NOT surprised
because if you've ever heard Kate
Mulgrew talk about acting and just I
don't know about life she just has a way
of speaking about things she's very
passionate and she you know she came
into Star Trek and she just made this
incredible character really work for the
show and you know when she talks about
it it's like this is how much she cares
you know she cared so much then she
cares so much now you know years have
passed since Voyager even ended but that
character of Janeway still means a lot
to her yeah she's my favorite I've seen
her in other things she was on orange is
the new black and she's a voice acting
she was in dragon age which was really
fun when I heard her I got really
excited I'm pretty thrilled I've never
been this excited to read a memoir
before but I think it's going to be
incredible I've been reading this and I
talked about it in my TBR for this month
the immersion by Andy weir i bought it
in paperback and i bought the audiobook
and i actually started listening the
audiobook and was pretty taken with it
so i've read it I've listened to it I'm
not done yet but I'm really enjoying it
but I was really excited by this book
because I keep hearing so much about it
and I'm glad that I own it even though
I've listened to more of the audio books
and I have read of the actual paper book
because i think is the kind of book that
you want to read again
this one I am currently reading and I've
been talking about it quite a bit and I
think I talked about in my TBR it is far
from the madding crowd by thomas hardy
and i run this in college but i didn't
really remember much about it and I
definitely i'm glad to be rereading it
especially as a buddy read there are
several people doing this buddy read now
I'm still loving it and kind of making
my way through it so I'm very excited
about that anyway those are all of us
that i bought in the past couple of
months and i am so thrilled to have my
hands on them even though you know I've
been busy it's been hard to read it's
just really exciting to have things to
look forward to and I know that my TBR
next month is going to be a really fun
one so I can't wait if you run in these
books please let me know if you love
them hate of them I'm interested in your
opinion so let me know and I will see
you guys next time bye
you